
# Different Python projects:

Each project includes the necessary documentation for understanding. <br/>

Each project is located in a separate subfolder, which contains all the necessary data, information, and functions required for that project. <br/>

List of Projects:<br/>

## (1) [gym analysis](gym_analysis/)
You are a product manager for a fitness studio and are interested in understanding the current demand for digital fitness classes. You plan to conduct a market analysis in Python to gauge demand and identify potential areas for growth of digital products and services.

## (2) [register_funcs](register_funcs/)
You are a junior developer working in a small start-up. Your managers have asked you to develop a new account registration system for a mobile app. The system must validate user input on the sign-up form before creating an account.

## (3) [simple GLM](simple_GLM/)
Insurance companies invest a lot of time and money into optimizing their pricing and accurately estimating the likelihood that customers will make a claim. In many countries, having car insurance is a legal requirement to drive a vehicle on public roads, making the market very large.

## (4) [time_funcs](time_funcs/)
You recently quit your job to start a space logistics company that uses rockets to deliver critical cargo to colonies on demand. Since you're still in the startup phase, you're handling everything yourself, including writing the software to manage complex scheduling and timing across different space colonies.

## (5) [mannwhitneyu_test](mannwhitneyu_test/)
You create two datasets containing the results of every official men's and women's international football match since the 19th century, which you scraped from a reliable online source. Are more goals scored in women's international soccer matches than in men's?

## (6) [permutation_test](permutation_test/)
You are a data analyst at "FastShip", an e-commerce logistics company. The company recently implemented a new routing system and wants to compare it against the traditional routing system. Use bootstrapping and permutation testing to determine if the new routing system actually performs differently from the traditional system. The company needs robust statistical evidence before making this expensive transition.
## (7) [data_cleaning](data_cleaning/)
Personal loans are a lucrative revenue stream for banks. The typical interest rate of a two-year loan in the United Kingdom is around 10%. This might not sound like a lot, but in September 2022 alone UK consumers borrowed around £1.5 billion, which would mean approximately £300 million in interest generated by banks over two years!

You have been asked to work with a bank to clean the data they collected as part of a recent marketing campaign, which aimed to get customers to take out a personal loan. They plan to conduct more marketing campaigns going forward so would like you to ensure it conforms to the specific structure and data types that they specify so that they can then use the cleaned data you provide to set up a database, which will store this campaign's data and allow data from future campaigns to be easily imported.
